src/site/notes/World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Researchers.md, before:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/world-building/hierarchy/heralds-corps/factions/researchers/","created":"2025-02-04T10:33:08.393-05:00","updated":"2025-03-27T15:43:44.863-04:00"}
---

## Bio-Alchemists
This faction is everything alchemy related, be it potions, elixirs, mutagens, consumables. Anything that cannot be explained with magic can probably be explained from an alchemist. They will act as the common medicine researches that doesn't need magic and practice proper measures against diseases.

### Mission:
- Create potions, elixirs, mutagens and other alchemical concoctions for everyday use or for exploration usage.
- Provide antidotes and antiplagues to prevent them to the common population, acting as regular medicine to reduce the needs of the [[World Building/Settlements/Everstead/Revival Altar\|revival altar]].
- Research on mutagenic applications. They could potentially enhance and help just about anyone temporarily.
- Process and refine common materials to make into alchemical items for trading.

### Methods:
- They send teams to collect flora, fauna and monster parts for studying and refinement using [[World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Explorers\|Explorers]].
- They test potions and other alchemical effects on convicted criminals or other willing subjects.
- Deliver and distribute public goods to the [[World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Merchants\|Essential Commodities]] faction.

### Internal Culture:
- This faction is way more interested in knowledge and results rather than ethics and morals.
- The top of this faction are the one that shaped civilization as we know it.
- Some studies under this faction to become doctors, researcher or understanding the world better organically.

---
## Mage Scholars
Fuck you Christ /j

### Mission:
- No

### Methods:
- No

### Internal Culture:
- No

---
## Magic Innovators
Also fuck you Christ /j

### Mission:
- No

### Methods:
- No

### Internal Culture:
- No

Commit message:

Update content src/site/notes/World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Researchers.md

src/site/notes/World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Researchers.md, after:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/world-building/hierarchy/heralds-corps/factions/researchers/","created":"2025-02-04T10:33:08.393-05:00","updated":"2025-03-27T17:22:05.042-04:00"}
---

## Bio-Alchemists
This faction is everything alchemy related, be it potions, elixirs, mutagens, consumables. Anything that cannot be explained with magic can probably be explained from an alchemist. They will act as the common medicine researches that doesn't need magic and practice proper measures against diseases.

### Mission:
- Create potions, elixirs, mutagens and other alchemical concoctions for everyday use or for exploration usage.
- Provide antidotes and antiplagues to prevent them to the common population, acting as regular medicine to reduce the needs of the [[World Building/Settlements/Everstead/Revival Altar\|revival altar]].
- Research on mutagenic applications. They could potentially enhance and help just about anyone temporarily.
- Process and refine common materials to make into alchemical items for trading.

### Methods:
- They send teams to collect flora, fauna and monster parts for studying and refinement using [[World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Explorers\|Explorers]].
- They test potions and other alchemical effects on convicted criminals or other willing subjects.
- Deliver and distribute public goods to the [[World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Merchants\|Essential Commodities]] faction.

### Internal Culture:
- This faction is way more interested in knowledge and results rather than ethics and morals.
- The top of this faction are the one that shaped civilization as we know it.
- Some studies under this faction to become doctors, researcher or understanding the world better organically.

---
## Mage Scholars
This faction is what academics and researchers are all about. They're the ones that researches magic, scrolls and tries to explain or come up with everything that science cannot. Some prefer to either stay in their research labs and write history from there or analyze it even. Others prefer to go out on-site, analyzing history in person and making sure they're the first ones with a hand on new discoveries, often accompanied by [[World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Explorers\|explorers]].

### Mission:
- Analyze spells, artifacts and magical history.
- Explore ruins and investigate forgotten sites and recover lost magics for studying.
- Read books to predict dungeon locations for [[World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Explorers\|Wayfinders]] to confirm.
- Identify magical occurrences and if it poses a risk to the settlements.

### Methods:
- Cross-reference historical records, magical blueprints and formulas to study what magic is.
- Study ancient magical items, finding out their purpose, dangers and possible applications.
- Utilize ritual magic to study long-lost spells and help the world have a better understanding of magic.

### Internal Culture:
- Mage Scholars must be flexible in thinking as encountering unpredictable magics is common for them.
- Prestige comes from those that come up with discoveries first. It's a strong competition where they don't hesitate to undermine others.
- Caution is the first rule for them when it comes to studying unknown magics.

---
## Magic Innovators
Also fuck you Christ /j

### Mission:
- No

### Methods:
- Conduct tests and simulations in controlled settings 

### Internal Culture:
- No
