---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/nemesis-origin/starting-hook/"}
---

You are a member of the [[Nemesis Origin/World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Heralds Corps\|Heralds Corps]], a prestigious corporation managing every single aspect of society. They are ingrained in civilization and is now part of the norm. Gods were forgotten, [[Nemesis Origin/World Building/Races/Humans\|humans]] prospered. 

It starts with a report from [[Nemesis Origin/World Building/Settlements/Small Villages/Greenhaven\|Greenhaven]] that some animals were being restless, crops were being smashed and farmers were worried. The report came from [[Nemesis Origin/World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Explorers\|Wildlife Observers]], but quickly escalated matters to take care of the situation. They determined the threat to be small enough to call in just about anyone nearby. You were somehow nearby, be it in nature, finding an individual or making research. There is some value from helping the village in your faction one way or another. It could be from needing the report to contain a bit of research on why this is happening, or maybe you were chasing after someone and they're the cause of this incident, having you clean up. Even if you were part of the [[Nemesis Origin/World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Factions/Merchants\|merchants]], there is always value of participating in the small jobs from [[Nemesis Origin/World Building/Hierarchy/Heralds Corps/Heralds Corps\|heralds corps]]. (DM me if you want a specific reason from your faction, but I encourage you to find a reason as to why your faction sees value in this task.). 